hey what's up everybody its average Joe
gamer you know average Joe John Doe
whatever because everything's dead seems
in this world of electronics taking
things apart like any other guy out
there I imagine and unfortunately you
don't putting them apart is another
story cuz we always miss a screw whatnot
so what I have here is I had a problem
with the game actually staying in the
slot I did some research
he said the spring would be broken
missing and it's really hard I can't
really get in there I would love to but
you can probably see on the right side
there is that great little piece that's
what it actually clicks into your game
right there you can see a little slot
there a little dip that first one right
in there so all I did you know just
looking around being careful of course
all right now it clicks okay so what I
did is looked inside of that slot that
little piece there just seen how it
works and everything I took
you're hang on let me get some more
light over here for 12 but whatever
anyway
so let's see right right here yeah okay
great
YouTube advertisement awesome thanks for
just popping up on me there anyway
you'll see right right here there's a
little tab my camera ain't good enough
to focus in here I mean you'll see this
little tab there we go right there this
little tab right here all I did was lift
it up just a bit it was in the way of
that mechanism inside that we talked
about earlier that little tab it was in
the way blocking it enabling the game to
actually fully go down and click all I
did lift it up and voila it clicks in I
originally bought this yes for 30 bucks
and you know it's just honestly lazy
people not being able to fix it and now
my kids go to DSi XL for $30 so illness
if you guys need any other videos I'm
more than willing to help out anybody
new out there well not I'm new to this
I'm just fooling around stuff so that's
it there's been attempts and fails and
things like that
and that's about it so if you want to
see how this is put together I'll do
another video but uh yeah subscribe if
you want and whatnot and comment on the
video
don't leave some dirty comments whatever
my own means I just delete yeah and
that's it beeps that was Joel gamer man
see you there